Update cloudflare-challenges.md with link to challenge FAQ (#8904)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/fundamentals/get-started/concepts/cloudflare-challenges.md

    }
  });
```

> See [our FAQ for Challenges here](https://developers.cloudflare.com/firewall/known-issues-and-faq#challenges).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For additional help, refer to [our FAQ for Challenges](/firewall/known-issues-and-faq#challenges).
```
